hi everyone welcome back to my channel
today I'll be reviewing the covergirl
clean liquid makeup foundation and looks
just like this I love the packaging it's
a beautiful little triangle glass bottle
and it's very different from the typical
drugstore botlane so it's cute it's
compact and you can just slip it into
your bag and it's much sanitary than
dipping into a pot of makeup all the
time because I just apply a little bit
to the back of my hand and then dab it
all over my face so this makeup is water
base it's not oil-based so that means
that it's great for people who have oily
skin I have a bottle which is normal
skin or there is the option for
sensitive skin as well as oily skin so
definitely check that out there are
twelve beautiful shades to choose from
I have classic tan this makeup is
water-based so it is not gonna cause
your skin to get oily or anything like
that so it is great for people who have
acne and want to hide their blemishes
while not causing acne if that makes
sense so I love using this one it's that
time of the month for me and my face
starts to break out so right now my face
is kind of breaking out and you can't
even tell because this just works the
magic on to my face it's very liquid so
you can't apply it with a sponge so I
like using my duo fiber brush my F 50 by
Sigma and I just apply it to the back of
my hand and dab it onto my face and then
blend it out using this brush I love
using this brush because as you know I'm
gonna say this it gives me that flawless
airbrushed finish that I love and it
evens out my foundation really really
well so when I apply it to my face it
does not feel liquid or uncomfortable in
any sense it goes on beautifully and it
gives your skin a luminous very luminous
glow which I like so I'm wearing it
right now if you could probably tell
because I just did the demo and I love
the fact that it makes my skin look so
healthy and glowing and it's very
different from my normal color stee
whipped cream foundation which gives my
face a more matte finish this
that reminds me of the Lummi one thing
that I don't like about this is that it
has this clean smell as in it's like a
methanol kind of smell which I know some
people like but I don't really fancy it
but but when it goes onto your face it
looks so beautiful and glowing and
healthy and luminous it's a very
lightweight foundation if you could have
guessed that right now because it's just
meant to really refine your face and
make it look naturally beautiful but if
you don't think it's enough when you put
one side of foundation then you can
always go ahead and put a second coat of
foundation if that makes sense and that
is what I did like it doesn't feel
heavier in any way I'm actually wearing
it right now my skin just feels so
breathable and just like myself so I
would recommend this for people who have
breakouts or who have breakouts on acne
and want something to highlight
blemishes without causing their skins
again oily or you know causing more acne
in that sense so that is why I love love
love this be sure to check out my blog
right down below for you know a little
more information on this amazing product
so thank you so much for watching in
advance and please subscribe so you
won't miss a thing and let's get
straight into the demo now make sure the
thumbs this video up if you would like
to see more foundation and views and
demos so I will see you in my next video
bye so the first thing as always is to
prime my face using my Revlon Photoready
perfecting primer to set my face for my
foundation then I'm gonna shake the
bottle and apply a little bit to the
back of my hand and then dab dot all
over my face I'm gonna take my favorite
brush which is my Sigma duo fiber brush
and I'm gonna take that and just a blend
my foundation out so that it would be
even I love this airbrushed finish that
it gives me and I love how everything is
just even out of my complexion looks
really flawless so what I'm gonna do now
is apply a second coat of foundation
onto my face to really finish the look
and give me that perfect finish that I
want and I think two sets of foundation
on my face really really helped and I
love the finished product so it sums up
for more foundation reviews and demos
and I thank you so much for watching
please subscribe so you won't miss it
by